### Internal Updates

- A hangout to discuss the competition software occurred, with various outcomes. Tickets have been created and anyone can feel free to pick up any task. Already bugs and features are being submitted to Gerrit and merged in.
- Bristol hosted its second tech day—33 competitors turned up.
- Part of the 'How to Help' page on the website has been rewritten to make it more readable.
- Steering committee vote happened and the results have been published.
- A discussion tinker time at the competition has been initiated and is on going.
- Funding has been received from Motorola.
- The _first_ Volunteer Activity Day happened and was a great success.
- Investigations into whether keeping Git objects in a database is any better for the IDE.
- Research into improved match scheduling at the competition has happened.
- A private PyPI has been set up to put any Pip and Setuptools based Python projects we have.
- A commit to merge the new tools branch back into the tools has been submitted to Gerrit.
- The power board now has firmware capable of playing sounds via the on board piezo.

### Steering Committee Results

- Community: Tom Leese
- Engineering: Richard Barlow
- Events: Sam Phippen
- Public Interaction: Harry Cutts
- Schools and Mentoring: Jeremy Morse
- Sponsorship: Rob Spanton

### Team Updates

- Peter Symonds https://pscrobotics.wordpress.com/2015/01/16/cheeky-build-photo/
- QMC http://teamqmc.esy.es/uncategorized/update-2112015/
- Collyer's http://collyersstudentrobotics.blogspot.co.uk/2015/01/keeping-everything-clean-and-tidy.html
- Cornwall College Saltash http://ccsrobotics.over-blog.com/2015/01/week-8-recapping-the-code.html
- KES are still having problems with their kit. Looks like the image wasn't the problem in the end and instead their power board may be faulty.

Thanks to Tom Leese for working on this issue.
