.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/submission-thread.md, before:

---
name: Submission Thread
about: Submission Thread for SR(A)WN content
title: "[SRAWN-SUBMIT] SR2021 Issue XX"
labels: srawn-submit
assignees: ''

---
```
sryear: SR2021
issue: XX
submission-date: 202X-XX-XXT00:00:00Z
publication-date: 202X-XX-XXT12:00:00Z
```
## SR(A)WN Submission Thread

Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter (aka. SR(A)WN) is a regular newsletter published by Student Robotics volunteers for volunteers.

- Keep up with what's going on in SR by subscribing to the SR(A)WN mailing list.
- Let others know about what we've been up to by submitting content to the newsletter.

### Content Submission

Anybody within SR can submit content to the newsletter by commenting on this thread.

The deadline for this issue is midnight UTC on 202X-XX-XX. Any content submitted after this deadline will be included in the following issue instead.

Please read the submission guidelines before submitting content to SR(A)WN.

<details>
<summary>Submission Guidelines</summary>

- Be inclusive! This is a newsletter for all volunteers, so please try not to assume knowledge (technical, or of specific activities within SR).
- Please follow the [code of conduct](https://opsmanual.studentrobotics.org/about-the-charity/code-of-conduct) when writing and submitting content.
- If additional help is required for something, you can **embolden** it to indicate this to volunteers.
- Please use [Commonmark Markdown](https://commonmark.org/help/) where possible when writing content. Some formatting may be stripped or changed during editing, or by the newsletter template.
- Please use alt text when submitting images to the newsletter, as some mail clients may not be able to read HTML.
</details>

Commit message:

Add line about sensitive info (e.g game info) to submission template

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/submission-thread.md, after:

---
name: Submission Thread
about: Submission Thread for SR(A)WN content
title: "[SRAWN-SUBMIT] SR2021 Issue XX"
labels: srawn-submit
assignees: ''

---
```
sryear: SR2021
issue: XX
submission-date: 202X-XX-XXT00:00:00Z
publication-date: 202X-XX-XXT12:00:00Z
```
## SR(A)WN Submission Thread

Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter (aka. SR(A)WN) is a regular newsletter published by Student Robotics volunteers for volunteers.

- Keep up with what's going on in SR by subscribing to the SR(A)WN mailing list.
- Let others know about what we've been up to by submitting content to the newsletter.

### Content Submission

Anybody within SR can submit content to the newsletter by commenting on this thread.

The deadline for this issue is midnight UTC on 202X-XX-XX. Any content submitted after this deadline will be included in the following issue instead.

Please read the submission guidelines before submitting content to SR(A)WN.

<details>
<summary>Submission Guidelines</summary>

- Be inclusive! This is a newsletter for all volunteers, so please try not to assume knowledge (technical, or of specific activities within SR).
- Please follow the [code of conduct](https://opsmanual.studentrobotics.org/about-the-charity/code-of-conduct) when writing and submitting content.
- SR(A)WN is a public newsletter. Please don't submit any sensitive or inappropriate content.
- If additional help is required for something, you can **embolden** it to indicate this to volunteers.
- Please use [Commonmark Markdown](https://commonmark.org/help/) where possible when writing content. Some formatting may be stripped or changed during editing, or by the newsletter template.
- Please use alt text when submitting images to the newsletter, as some mail clients may not be able to read HTML.
</details>
