SR2022/2022-02-10-srawn-07.md, before:

The Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter is a (roughly) fortnightly newsletter which summarises the goings‐on across Student Robotics. **Emboldened** items are ones for which additional help has been requested.

## Second Tech Day of SR2022

The Competition Team hosted a [Virtual Tech Day](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2022/virtual-tech-day-january/) on the 22nd January in our Discord server. Teams met in person to work on their robots and got help and guidance remotely from our volunteers. Great progess was made!

## Competition Dates Announced

The competition will be held on the 23rd and 24th of April 2022 at SUSU on the University of Southamptons' Highfield Campus. There will be setup days on the 21st and 22nd of April. **If you are interested in volunteering at the competition, please [register your interest](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeferj0EDVmPDsaKK-CzG2-YzFJETTbgSeyEMRgdahJ0T3slQ/viewform)** and we'll get in touch closer to the competition to work out the remaining details.

## Tasks have been imported into the task tracker

The recurring tasks that we need to complete for each competition have been imported into [srobo/tasks](https://github.com/srobo/tasks). This year we have grouped the tasks into areas and assigned a Head and a Deputy for each. **If you see a task you want to get involved with just comment on the issue :)**

## Kit Update

The Kit team has released version 2022.1.0 of the brain board image and are working on creating a browser interface to help teams work on their code. **If you're interested in helping build this new UI join [#kit-web-interface](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C031U0TL2KF)**

## Progress from Teams

We recently polled teams to get a sense of how they're going. As you'd expect at this stage of the competition, the results were mixed. Some of the teams have moving robot bases and are honing their ability to find cans, while others are still in the early stages of construction.
In addition to mentoring (some of which is happening in person), we're considering other ways to support teams pro-actively to ensure they have the best experience at the competition.

If you're interested in keeping up with the teams progess you can follow us on Twitter [@studentrobotics](https://twitter.com/studentrobotics) where we retweet teams' progess. **If you're interested in helping out with mentoring, please [join #competition-team](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CBP7UL6RG) in Slack and let us know!**

## Subscribe to SR(A)WN

You can keep up with SR(A)WN online:

- Join the `#srawn` channel on [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C01GBT8NMSN) _recommended_
- Join the `srawn` mailing list on [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn)
- Read historical issues on the [SR(A)WN Archive](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn)
- Subscribe to the [SR(A)WN RSS Feed](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn/rss.xml)

Commit message:

SR2022-07: Add info about upcoming tech day

SR2022/2022-02-10-srawn-07.md, after:

The Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter is a (roughly) fortnightly newsletter which summarises the goings‐on across Student Robotics. **Emboldened** items are ones for which additional help has been requested.

## Upcoming Tech Day

After a sucessful [Virtual Tech Day](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2022/virtual-tech-day-january/) on the 22nd January in our Discord server. Teams met in person to work on their robots and got help and guidance remotely from our volunteers. Great progess was made!

Following on from this success, we are planning another virtual Tech Day on the 5th March. **If you're interested in helping out with this tech day, please [join #competition-team](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CBP7UL6RG) in Slack and let us know!**

## Competition Dates Announced

The competition will be held on the 23rd and 24th of April 2022 at SUSU on the University of Southamptons' Highfield Campus. There will be setup days on the 21st and 22nd of April. **If you are interested in volunteering at the competition, please [register your interest](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeferj0EDVmPDsaKK-CzG2-YzFJETTbgSeyEMRgdahJ0T3slQ/viewform)** and we'll get in touch closer to the competition to work out the remaining details.

## Tasks have been imported into the task tracker

The recurring tasks that we need to complete for each competition have been imported into [srobo/tasks](https://github.com/srobo/tasks). This year we have grouped the tasks into areas and assigned a Head and a Deputy for each. **If you see a task you want to get involved with just comment on the issue :)**

## Kit Update

The Kit team has released version 2022.1.0 of the brain board image and are working on creating a browser interface to help teams work on their code. **If you're interested in helping build this new UI join [#kit-web-interface](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C031U0TL2KF)**

## Progress from Teams

We recently polled teams to get a sense of how they're going. As you'd expect at this stage of the competition, the results were mixed. Some of the teams have moving robot bases and are honing their ability to find cans, while others are still in the early stages of construction.
In addition to mentoring (some of which is happening in person), we're considering other ways to support teams pro-actively to ensure they have the best experience at the competition.

If you're interested in keeping up with the teams progess you can follow us on Twitter [@studentrobotics](https://twitter.com/studentrobotics) where we retweet teams' progess. **If you're interested in helping out with mentoring, please [join #competition-team](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CBP7UL6RG) in Slack and let us know!**

## Subscribe to SR(A)WN

You can keep up with SR(A)WN online:

- Join the `#srawn` channel on [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C01GBT8NMSN) _recommended_
- Join the `srawn` mailing list on [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn)
- Read historical issues on the [SR(A)WN Archive](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn)
- Subscribe to the [SR(A)WN RSS Feed](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn/rss.xml)
