SR2022/2022-03-04-srawn-08.md, before:

The Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter is a (roughly) fortnightly newsletter which summarises the goings‐on across Student Robotics. **Emboldened** items are ones for which additional help has been requested.

## Volunteer sign up form for the competition now open!

We need some enthusiastic volunteers to help inspire the younger generation, and keep this event running as smooth as possible. **If you think you're up for it, [please sign up now](https://forms.gle/WJ3ujG9QEPpGEZ4k6)!**

## March Virtual Tech Day
We're throwing a virtual tech day on the [5th March](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2022/virtual-tech-day-march/) on our Discord. This will give us the chance to provide some direct help to teams who may need it, and answer questions anyone may have. **If you're interested in helping mentor a team during the tech day, you can sign up to Discord using the links pinned in [#general](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY) in Slack.**

## March Volunteer Social
There will be a social on Sunday 13th from 7:30pm onwards UK Time! This is a chance for volunteers to get together and unwind while playing some games. For full details **check out [#social](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CF94T25GU) in Slack**.

## New Kit UI
A team of volunteers have formed to work on a web based user interface for the new kit software. **If you're interested in helping out in this effort check out the [#kit-web-interface](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C031U0TL2KF) in Slack**

## Subscribe to SR(A)WN

You can keep up with SR(A)WN online:

- Join the `#srawn` channel on [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C01GBT8NMSN) _recommended_
- Join the `srawn` mailing list on [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn)
- Read historical issues on the [SR(A)WN Archive](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn)
- Subscribe to the [SR(A)WN RSS Feed](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn/rss.xml)

Commit message:

SR2022-08: Clarify this is a new form

SR2022/2022-03-04-srawn-08.md, after:

The Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter is a (roughly) fortnightly newsletter which summarises the goings‐on across Student Robotics. **Emboldened** items are ones for which additional help has been requested.

## Volunteer sign up form for the competition now open!

We need some enthusiastic volunteers to help inspire the younger generation, and keep this event running as smooth as possible. This is a different form to the one you may have previously filled in and collects more specific details about your availability. **If you think you're up for it, [please sign up now](https://forms.gle/WJ3ujG9QEPpGEZ4k6)!**

## March Virtual Tech Day
We're throwing a virtual tech day on the [5th March](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2022/virtual-tech-day-march/) on our Discord. This will give us the chance to provide some direct help to teams who may need it, and answer questions anyone may have. **If you're interested in helping mentor a team during the tech day, you can sign up to Discord using the links pinned in [#general](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY) in Slack.**

## March Volunteer Social
There will be a social on Sunday 13th from 7:30pm onwards UK Time! This is a chance for volunteers to get together and unwind while playing some games. For full details **check out [#social](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CF94T25GU) in Slack**.

## New Kit UI
A team of volunteers have formed to work on a web based user interface for the new kit software. **If you're interested in helping out in this effort check out the [#kit-web-interface](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C031U0TL2KF) in Slack**

## Subscribe to SR(A)WN

You can keep up with SR(A)WN online:

- Join the `#srawn` channel on [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C01GBT8NMSN) _recommended_
- Join the `srawn` mailing list on [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn)
- Read historical issues on the [SR(A)WN Archive](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn)
- Subscribe to the [SR(A)WN RSS Feed](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn/rss.xml)
