SR2021/2020-12-20-srawn-01.md, before:

The Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter is a (roughly) fortnightly newsletter which summarises the goings‐on across Student Robotics. **Emboldened** items are ones for which additional help has been requested.

# Headlines

### SR(A)WN is back for SR2021!

After a 1417 day hiatus, SR(A)WN is back to keep you updated on news and developments within Student Robotics. (Still almost weekly, right?)

Keep up with SR(A)WN:

- Join the `#srawn` channel on [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C01GBT8NMSN) _recommended_
- Join the `srawn` mailing list on [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn)
- Read historical issues on the [SR(A)WN Archive](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn)

### Holiday Social
On the _24th December 17:00 - 20:00 UTC_ we will be having a festive social. We'll likely be playing some games (Among Us, Jackbox etc.) but nothing has been decided yet so shout if there's something you really want to do. The Google Meet link will be in [`#social`](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CF94T25GU) on Slack if you want to join!

### Discord
We're experimenting with using Discord this year as opposed to the forums. If you'd like to join and help answer questions or just join in the banter with the teams, the sign up link is [pinned](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY/p1607552491072100) in `#general` on Slack.

## Competition

### The Game
Our game this year, [Radars of the Lost Ark](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/rules/), challenges teams to score points by claiming territories using radios. Teams must navigate the arena scanning for tower transmissions and sending their own transmissions back to claim territories. Teams are awarded points at the end of the match for the maximum extent of their territory at any one time.

### Game Modules
As this competition year doesn’t feature a physical competition event, the structure of the competition has changed. The league matches will take place on four weekends throughout the year. After each league session the game will gain additional modules that will present new and different challenges to the competitors. If you have any cool ideas for modules please share them in `#game` on Slack or come along to a Competition Meeting.

### Competition Meetings
We have weekly Competition meetings on Thursdays at 8:30, these are open to all so feel free to drop in without notice or on an ad-hoc basis. These meetings, and any others, can be found on the [volunteer calendar](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/volunteering/calendars/).

### Friendlies Matches for Teams
We're looking to organise friendly matches for the teams to have a chance to test their code in a less stressful environment. A chance for competitors to face off against other teams, socialize, and get some support from blueshirts. These will be happening 1 week before each league session at 10:30.

### Webots Update

Webots, the simulation software behind the competition simulator, released version 2021a with breaking changes. [A fix](https://github.com/srobo/competition-simulator/pull/251) has been submitted to the simulator so that 2020b and 2021a should both work.

## Kit

### Brain Updates

The Brain Team is re-developing SR kit software for the SR2022 cycle.

- We have started working on replacements for the legacy software currently used with the SR kit.
- We now have developed an MVP replacement for herdsman called [Astoria](https://github.com/srobo/astoria), which uses asynchronous Python and JSON over MQTT.
- We have also begun development on a new [Debian-based system image](https://github.com/srobo/robot-base), which we aim to build for both ODROID and Raspberry Pi boards.

Commit message:

SR2021-01: Add new trustee headline and more astoria info

SR2021/2020-12-20-srawn-01.md, after:

The Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter is a (roughly) fortnightly newsletter which summarises the goings‐on across Student Robotics. **Emboldened** items are ones for which additional help has been requested.

# Headlines

### SR(A)WN is back for SR2021!

After a 1417 day hiatus, SR(A)WN is back to keep you updated on news and developments within Student Robotics. (Still almost weekly, right?)

Keep up with SR(A)WN:

- Join the `#srawn` channel on [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C01GBT8NMSN) _recommended_
- Join the `srawn` mailing list on [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn)
- Read historical issues on the [SR(A)WN Archive](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn)

### Holiday Social
On the _24th December 17:00 - 20:00 UTC_ we will be having a festive social. We'll likely be playing some games (Among Us, Jackbox etc.) but nothing has been decided yet so shout if there's something you really want to do. The Google Meet link will be in [`#social`](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CF94T25GU) on Slack if you want to join!

### Discord
We're experimenting with using Discord this year as opposed to the forums. If you'd like to join and help answer questions or just join in the banter with the teams, the sign up link is [pinned](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY/p1607552491072100) in `#general` on Slack.

### New Trustee
Thomas Scarsbrook (better known as Scarzy) has joined David and Diane on the Board of Trustees.

## Competition

### The Game
Our game this year, [Radars of the Lost Ark](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/rules/), challenges teams to score points by claiming territories using radios. Teams must navigate the arena scanning for tower transmissions and sending their own transmissions back to claim territories. Teams are awarded points at the end of the match for the maximum extent of their territory at any one time.

### Game Modules
As this competition year doesn’t feature a physical competition event, the structure of the competition has changed. The league matches will take place on four weekends throughout the year. After each league session the game will gain additional modules that will present new and different challenges to the competitors. If you have any cool ideas for modules please share them in `#game` on Slack or come along to a Competition Meeting.

### Competition Meetings
We have weekly Competition meetings on Thursdays at 8:30, these are open to all so feel free to drop in without notice or on an ad-hoc basis. These meetings, and any others, can be found on the [volunteer calendar](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/volunteering/calendars/).

### Friendlies Matches for Teams
We're looking to organise friendly matches for the teams to have a chance to test their code in a less stressful environment. A chance for competitors to face off against other teams, socialize, and get some support from blueshirts. These will be happening 1 week before each league session at 10:30.

### Webots Update

Webots, the simulation software behind the competition simulator, released version 2021a with breaking changes. [A fix](https://github.com/srobo/competition-simulator/pull/251) has been submitted to the simulator so that 2020b and 2021a should both work.

## Kit

### Brain Updates

The Brain Team is re-developing SR kit software for the SR2022 cycle.

- We have started working on replacements for the legacy software currently used with the SR kit.
- We now have developed an MVP replacement for herdsman called [Astoria](https://github.com/srobo/astoria), which uses asynchronous Python and JSON over MQTT. This software primarily handles detecting and loading student code from USB drives. [Documentation](https://srobo.github.io/astoria) is now available.
- We have also begun development on a new [Debian-based system image](https://github.com/srobo/robot-base), which we aim to build for both ODROID and Raspberry Pi boards.
