The Student Robotics (Almost) Weekly Newsletter is a (roughly) fortnightly newsletter which summarises the goings‐on across Student Robotics. **Emboldened** items are ones for which additional help has been requested.

# Headlines

### Mentoring

**There are a number of teams who need mentors to help them with this year's game.** No experience with mentoring or the simulator required, but experience with SR is definitely useful!

If you're interested, please let the competition team know!

### Module III League

We announced Module III at the league session, and teams have 6 weeks to react until the first league session. See [the announcement](studentrobotics.org/news/2021-02-06-sr2021-second-league-sessions) for more info.

League session 3 is in just a few weeks, where teams will compete in the game defined by Module III. Here we'll also unveil Module IV, the final module of SR2021, and what will be played in league session 4 and the knockouts.

### Competition Doing: 6th March

We'll be holding "Doing" on Saturday 6th of March from 2PM UK time to 6PM (but may last longer), working on various competition topics, such as updates to the competition software, wrapping up any changes to Module 4, and other smaller simulator fixes.

## Competition

### Module IV Design

There was a "Doing" on Saturday 20th where we started designing and defining module 4. Help and input is still always sought after, so if you're interested in getting involved please drop in to a competition meeting.

### New Meeting Time

Competition meetings are now at a new time: 8pm UK time on Wednesdays. As always, these meetings are open to all so feel free to drop in without notice or on an ad-hoc basis. Competition meetings, and any others, can be found on the [volunteer calendar](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/volunteering/calendars/).

## Subscribe to SR(A)WN

You can keep up with SR(A)WN online:

- Join the `#srawn` channel on [Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C01GBT8NMSN) _recommended_
- Join the `srawn` mailing list on [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/g/srawn)
- Read historical issues on the [SR(A)WN Archive](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn)
- Subscribe to the [SR(A)WN RSS Feed](https://studentrobotics.org/srawn/rss.xml)

