# Headlines

### League Matches

The first round of league sessions are this coming weekend! For more information, please see the [event on the website](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2021/league-1/). Follow along and help out in [`#events`](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/CDCJ93YMC/thread/C01CU87V94P-1610563409.119500).

Module 2 of the game will be announced after the League Matches this weekend.

### Friendly Matches
We ran some friendly matches for teams as a low-stress way for them to test their robots against other teams', and socialise with other competitors / volunteers. They went well!

## Competition

### Game Modules
As this competition year doesn’t feature a physical competition event, the structure of the competition has changed. The league matches will take place on four weekends throughout the year. After each league session the game will gain additional modules that will present new and different challenges to the competitors. **If you have any cool ideas for modules please share them in `#game` on Slack or come along to a Competition Meeting**.

### Module 3 Ideas

If anyone has ideas for the next game module (module 3), submissions (in [`#game`](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/CCVCJ0CR5/thread/C01GBT8NMSN-1610729227.000300) in Slack) will be welcome.

### Competition Meetings
We have weekly Competition meetings on Thursdays at 8:30, these are open to all so feel free to drop in without notice or on an ad-hoc basis. These meetings, and any others, can be found on the [volunteer calendar](https://studentrobotics.org/runbook/volunteering/calendars/).

### Discord
We're experimenting with using Discord this year as opposed to the forums. If you'd like to join and help answer questions or just join in the banter with the teams, the sign up link is [pinned](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY/p1607552491072100) in `#general` on Slack.

## Kit

### Committee

The Kit Committee is planning to hold monthly informal sessions to onboard new volunteers and welcome them to the Student Robotics community. More details will be available soon.

### Brain Updates

The Brain Team is re-developing SR kit software for the SR2022 cycle.

- Development continues with good, albeit non-specific progress being made
- We are looking for help testing the new vision system, any expertise on computer vision mathematics would be greatly appreciated.
