# Headlines

### St Paul’s College storm to victory

Student Robotics 2021 Virtual Competition came to an exciting conclusion last weekend,
with the rookie team from St Paul’s College, Adelaide, storming to victory in a
close match against Hills Road Sixth Form College third team.

## Competition

### Leagues

Our competition event this year spread the league stage over four weekends
throughout the year. After each league session the game gained additional
modules that presented new and different challenges to the competitors. In
addition to the formal league sessions, there were also some more casual
friendlies sessions which allowed the teams to experiment with different
strategies and test their code against other teams’ in a more relaxed
environment.

While this year’s competition presented a different challenge to the competitors
that previous years’, the core challenge to create an autonomous robot remained
the same.

During the league sessions there were some teams which showed strong early
performances. Initially the teams from Hills Road Sixth Form College looked to
be the teams to beat. The later leagues however were the battleground of a
different collection of teams, with KEGS Chelmsford (KEG), Gymnasium Markt
Indersdorf (MAI) as well as rookie teams St Paul’s College (SPA) and We Robot
(WER) in particular performing the best in the fourth and most complex of the
leauge sessions.

### Knockouts

Last weekend the competition culminated in a series of single-elimination
knockout matches, allowing the teams robots to demonstrate the peak of their
capabilities. The initial pairings of the knockouts were seeded based on
performance in the leagues, however this by no means guaranteed a smooth path to
the final.

Many teams had ramped up their improvements towards the end of the competition,
allowing for some incredibly well contested matches and some surprising
outcomes. A particular example of this was team MCK from The Malay College Kuala
Kangsar who had finished the leagues near the bottom of the league table and
thus faced a challenging set of matches. Nevertheless they managed to knock out
the top seed, team MAI from Gymnasium Markt Indersdorf and went on to secure a
place on the podium.

### Finals

The final match saw St Paul’s College (SPA) and Hills Road Team 3 (HRS3) battle
for the top spot. Both teams having shown their incredible abilities throughout
the competition. Whilst the robots started off with very different tactics, they
were both accruing points very quickly. Due to a large number of link breakages,
which the robots actively detected and reacted to, the points and leader
switched massively throughout the match. When the clock struck zero it was 36
points to 8 in favour of St Paul’s, giving them the title.

### Results

| Prize           | Team                                       |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------|
| 1st Place       | SPA: St Paul’s College, Adelaide           |
| 2nd Place       | HRS3: Hills Road Sixth Form College Team 3 |
| 3rd Place       | MCK: The Malay College Kuala Kangsar       |
| Committee Award | HRS2: Hills Road Sixth Form College Team 2 |
| Rookie Award    | WER: We Robot                              |
| Online Presence | YSH: Yayasan Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah  |

With a consistently strong performance, scoring well in the first league and
really stepping up their game in the final league session French team We Robot
ended the league stage with the highest number of game points of any team. While
this didn’t place them at the top of the league leaderboard, they were the
highest placed rookie team and thus earned the Rookie Award.

The Committee Award is given for extraordinary ingenuity or simple elegance in
the design of their solution. Team HRS2 from Hills Road Sixth Form College
earned this prize in recognition of the high quality of the code that they wrote
for their robot. In particular it was clean and easy to read, neatly organised
in separate files, with good comments. Their code made good use of a state
machine as part of its main control loop and PID control for their movement.

We also encourage teams to share their progress towards their robots throughout
the year. Team YSH from Yayasan Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah earned the Online
Presence Award for their [Instagram posting](https://www.instagram.com/team_ysh/) throughout the year
covering their approach to the competition, strategy and reviews of their
performance in the leagues.

### Rewatch the streams!

If you’d like to relive the highs and lows of the competition livestreams, the
videos remain available on YouTube, as well as a cut-down video of the final:

- [League Session 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAvk-nfTUis)
- [League Session 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwW5Oz30gbE)
- [League Session 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpuhtW4mCKM)
- [League Session 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9gF-GZbf5M)
- [Knockouts and Final](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxJM6ernMqo)
